# Nutella [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/gbchaosmaster/nutella.png)](http://travis-ci.org/gbchaosmaster/nutella)

This library is my personal collection of Ruby utilities, mainly core
extensions. It is similar to
[Active Support](https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/activesupport),
but lighter.

## Installation

Install with RubyGems:

```Shell
gem install nutella
```

## Contributing

This library is my own little collection of core extensions that I like to use,
and I add things as they are useful to me. I cannot guarantee that you will
find it useful as I do.

That being said, I welcome any contributions. Feel free to send a pull request
if you feel that you have a feature that is useful, and definitely let me know
if you find any bugs.

## License

```nutella``` is released under the MIT license.

Copyright (C) 2012 Vinny Diehl

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

See [the official page on OSI](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more
information.
